Knapsack has multiple stakeholders,
all of them needing and using data for different reasons.
Having a working product is important to the engineering team.
They will be monitoring site and app performance.
Data generated by Knapsack website and app is needed for this.
A good dashboard with alerts will keep the team well informed.
In the future, the team might like to predict loads and breakdowns.
So they will like to have an ML solution.
Improving product is a focus area of product management team.
For this they will be,
identifying customer pain points,
and analyze customer interaction data on site and app.
This might be a big data use case as data generated by customer interaction is huge.
Things we'll need to use business intelligence or BI tools,
and visualization tools to tell stories.
Getting new customers and retaining all is the goal of marketing team.
They want to do targeted advertising.
We're going to create customer profiles along with preferences.
This data can be used to help customers with virtual assistants.
They want all the customer data they can get,
and feeding that into Just Sale.
Just Sale then provides a mix on BI, visualization and reporting.
They can create customized marketing content using customer data and just Sale.
Predicting Profit and Loss growth is important for the finance team.
They will need to monitor current P&L for that.
The finance team is using reports generated by
simply accounting with details such as daily,
weekly, monthly expenses and earnings.
They feed these reports to their finance tool,
that provides them insights and visualizations.
The tool has an ML engine to help them make future financial predictions.
Smooth product delivery is important for the logistics team.
They need to identify delivery bottlenecks.
The largest is team will need reports around
how much time every touch point takes in the delivery process.
They will use BI tools for insights,
and visualization tools for trends.
Sufficient inventory is the focus of the inventory management team.
They need to monitor inventory lead time for that.
Inventory management team needs to maintain historic data,
and needs to get regular reports on when are those replaced and received.
They have dashboards to monitor current lead times,
and an ML Engine to predict future lead times.
Addressing customer grievances is the core of customer care team.
They want to provide personalized responses.
For that, customer care team needs a solution
that can aggregate customer data across different sources.
It should create visual summary of customer other history.
They have built an in-house solution,
they generates reports and visualizations.
As you can see, there is no one fit all solution.
Different stakeholders need different data.
Data use cases span across categories.
This brings us to the end of this topic of data use cases.